Greetings from Team Robotix!

We're happy to see you registered for the event Inferno and hope to see
you, all guns blazing, at Kharagpur on the 27th of January, when the
showdown begins! To help you along the way, we will be in touch with you
through email and phone. This mail brings to your attention the latest
updates from your chosen event, along with a general overview of the Do's
and Don'ts of the plan you make to come to Kharagpur.

*Arena Updates :*

1. The weight of the cylinders (both black and white) will be approximately
300 gms.
2. The dimensions of the candles is as follows : Height = 6 cm ; Maximum
diameter = 7 cm (approx);
3. The dimension of the reservoir on the ground has been made 25 cm X 35 cm
X 10 cm to provide larger volume of water. Bear in mind that the depth
remains the same.
4. The ground on which the bot has to run will be hard stone floor on
which, during the course of the run, water might be spilled by the bot
which will be allowed to remain. The floor might be slightly slippery.
5. Please note that actual arena pictures have been uploaded on our website
at : www.robotix.in/events/inferno
6. Ensure that you use wires of at least 4 m between the bot and the
control box.


*General Clarifications : *
*
*
1. No abstract submission is required in the event. You are required to
only bring your bot to Kharagpur.
2. Accomodation forms have been put at www.ktj,in/#acco . Please fill in
the necessary details within 21st January to ensure accomodation is
provided to you.
3. Please convey to other interested students that registration is still
open on ktj.in and will be till the fest begins.
*
*
*Some Helpful Information : *
*
*

   - Try to make your bot in modules so that it is not damaged in
   transportation.
   - Carry small tools with you (eg. Hand saws, Soldering Irons, etc.) in
   case you need to make last minute repairs.
   - Your bot must fit within a 30 cm X 30 cm X 30 cm box at its initial
   starting position. After the start, your bot may extend to bigger
   dimensions. If you are using multiple bots,   ensure that they all together
   fit within the dimension box. They must be placed in the arena in the same
   configuration.
   - Try to pack light since you will be spending most of your time in the
   arena itself.
   - The *Robot Repair Consultancy Centre (R2C2)* will have people to help
   you in case you have technical queries. Be sure to approach us in case of
   any troubles.
   - If there is a *Robotix Student Executive at your college *or nearby,
   you can always interact with him/her for more details on the event.


Find a new section on Hydraulic mechanisms in the Inferno tutorial to help
you along as you make your own Inferno bot. Feel free to approach the heads
on email/phone/forum at any time.

Happy Bot Making!


Nilanjana Bhattacharya
Head
Team Robotix
